Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪♪
[Indistinct talking]
[Gavel banging]
-The Wrath of the Erinys.
punisher of men for crimes
against the natural order.
goddesses of Vengeance
and retribution in Greek
and Roman mythology.
Summoned by victims
seeking justice
pursuers and tormentors
of the wicked
until they atone
for their crimes.
From the blood that spilled on
the earth during
the castration of
the god Uranus.
the Erinys were born.
Megaera the grudging.
Alecto the unceasing.
And Tisiphone.
punisher of murderers.
Gentlemen. I encourage you
to be on your best behavior
around them.
[Laughter]
A few reminders before
we start the evening's bidding.
All sales are conducted
in US dollars.
Everything is being sold
according to
the conditions of sale.
And I draw particular attention
to article one.
which states that everything
is sold
under the terms of guaranty
on an as-is basis.
Although the artist is unknown.
the authenticity and period
of the work have been confirmed
by both the Soho Institute
of Fine Arts
and the New York
Preservation Society
and comes with
appropriate certification.
Those who have seen it in our
offices have been entranced
by both the trauma and power
this marvelous
sculpture conveys.
And with that. I'd like to start
the bidding at $50.000.
[Gavel bangs]
$55.000.
$60.000.
$65.000.
$70.000.
Are you coming in. Sam?
No? Maybe on the next lot.
$75.000 to Bruce Ernst.
Simon. are you coming in
at $80.000?
I'm at $75.000 now.
and I'm looking for $80.000.
Kate Horna. are you coming in?
Thank you. Kate.
It's your bid at $80.000.
I'm now looking for $85.000.
It's against you. Bruce.
Will you give me $85.000.
please?
Marcel.
Thank you. Marcel.
I'm now looking for $90.000.
Bruce. I would like $90.000.
Could you give me $90.000
please?
Thank you. sir.
Anyone else want to come in
against Bruce's bid?
Alex. are you going
to give me $95.000?
-Bid.
-Thank you. Miss Horna.
$100.000 is now with Marcel.
Bruce?
-You sure?
So you're out. Bruce?
Okay. It's Marcel's bid.
-$105.000.
$120.000.
No? Kate. it's your bid.
-One. two. five.
-$125.000.
The bidding is now with Marcel
at $125.000.
Can I get --
-$130.000.
-No?
Fair warning to the room.
I'm selling to Kate Horna
at $130.000.
[Gavel bangs]
There it is.
[Applause]
Thank you. Kate.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah. of course. Wonderful.
I will bring it back tomorrow.
Okay.
[Speaking French]
[Whirring]
[Dog barking in distance]
[Alarm chirps]
Oh.
[Sighs]
[Refrigerator opens]
[Humming]
[Cork pops]
[Chuckles]
♪ Whispered something
in your ear ♪
Great work. Kate.
♪ It was a perverted
thing to say ♪
[Doorbell rings]
♪ But I said it anyway ♪
♪ Made you smile and look away ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
hurt you. baby ♪
-I'm so sorry to bother you.
-What are you doing here?
-I know this is
highly unprofessional.
-Unprofessional?
More like illegal.
What? Did you follow me home?
-Please hear me out. okay?
I'm -- I'm just in town
for tonight's event.
and my clients insisted
I make you another offer
for the Erinys bronze.
If the answer is no.
that's okay.
I will gladly fuck off
down the road.
but they're willing
to pay double
the purchase price
your clients did.
plus throw in an additional
$25.000 bonus for you.
-Why?
-Because they see something
beautiful. and they want it.
Your client will literally
double their
investment overnight.
-I'd also like 20%
of your commission.
-Jesus. You play rough.
-You're the one knocking
on my door.
-[Chuckles] Yeah. that --
That's fair. Okay.
Deal. Why don't you give 'em
the call. and I'll wait outside?
-Don't be an idiot.
♪ With our sunglasses on.
to our favorite songs ♪
-Do you want a glass?
-Oh. that's all right.
I shouldn't be
celebrating this. uh. deal.
-Champagne's already open.
Don't be a sore loser.
-[Champagne pouring]
-So. do you work for a gallery
or a private collector?
-A bit of both.
You have very good taste in art.
-Thank you.
It's a baby collection.
but she's growing.
♪ Nothing's gonna
hurt you. baby ♪
[Glasses clink]
-Wow.
-Good?
-Very good.
-I'll make the call.
[Jingling]
-[Gasps]
[Gagging]
[Blood splattering]
[Coughing]
[Tearing]
-[Gasps]
-Stop.
Stop it.
Stop it!
Stop.
-Yeah.
Yeah. it was good
for a while. but...
that's because he kept
that part of himself hidden.
-Abusive men are
skilled at that.
Has he tried
contacting you again?
-No.
No. I think he knows
it's over now.
He'll...
I mean. he knows how to call
the cops if he shows up again.
He learned that lesson
last time.
-And what have you learned.
Meredith?
-I've learned...
...not to absolve a man
for his transgressions
against me.
Bravo.
-Yeah. [Chuckles]
-This was quite an undertaking.
[Laughs]
What are you so happy about?
-My therapist gave me
a compliment.
-Hey. that's awesome.
-Yeah.
-How's it been going?
-Really good.
Just it feels really nice
to finally feel good
about myself again.
-Yeah.
-His bullshit took up so much
space that I just had to learn
how to not be
defined by it anymore.
-Hey. I'm glad you
stuck with it.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
We know what a struggle
this last year was for you.
-Yeah.
So. what are you doing
after work?
How about we go out
and celebrate?
-It's date night.
-Oh.
-Linda's going to come crabbing
once this wraps up.
and then we're off
to try growth.
-Hate you and Linda for
being so hot and happy together.
-[Laughs]
-You're supposed to choose one
and complain about
the choice you make.
-[Laughs]
-Well. Mer. that just leaves
you and me. so.
-Okay. well. you know that
I love nothing more
than getting drunk
and Googling murders with you.
But I have plans this weekend.
-What do you have planned
that's better than
tequila and dead bodies?
-I'm getting laid.
-[Gasps]
Okay. Wait. wait. wait.
-The mystery man.
-Yeah. that's right.
-Mystery man?
What mystery man?
Why don't I know about
a mystery man?
-'Cause we're just --
I don't know.
-Wait. Why am I just learning
about this now?
-Because that's not a big deal.
-Getting laid is always
a big deal. I want details.
-There aren't any details.
I met him at an exhibit opening.
He's cute. He got me tacos.
We'll see what happens.
-Mm.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Alright.
I just want to know who he is
and when we're going
to meet him.
And how big his dick is.
-No. absolutely not.
-I mean. this is -- inquiring
minds want to know.
-You guys. I'm just getting
to know him myself.
So you'll meet him as soon as I
decide that he's worth meeting.
Okay?
-Okay.
-We're just happy for you.
-Yeah.
-It's been a journey.
-Oh. my God. I know.
I'm ready.
-I know. Look at you.
-She's ready?
-Yeah. well. you know.
if it works out.
you can finally retire
that vibrator.
-[Laughs] Oh. my God.
You have no idea.
I had to take the batteries
out of the my TV remote.
-I will buy you new batteries.
[Laughter]
-We're going to get fired.
We're going to get fired.
-Ladies. I love you.
Please don't ever forget that.
-Aw.
♪ I ♪
♪ I got the message ♪
♪ When he looks at me
from across that room ♪
♪ I get the message ♪
♪ Walking through the night
just looking up at the moon ♪
♪ I get the message ♪
♪ Most boys hand you a lie ♪
♪ Bragging about big time ♪
♪ Not him ♪
♪ His. his. his. his. his. his.
his. his. his. his. his. his ♪
♪ Actions speak
louder than words ♪
-What am I forgetting. Slice?
♪ He doesn't sweet talk
in my ear. oh. no ♪
[Cat meows]
♪ I get the message ♪
♪ He doesn't use big plans
and schemes. oh. no ♪
[Cellphone buzzing]
♪ I get the message ♪
-Bruce?
-[Dog barks]
-[Gasps]
[Dog snarling]
[Laughs]
-Hi.
-Is that everything?
-Yeah. Just the essentials.
-Wow.
Stunning and pragmatic.
Might as well kill me now.
-[Laughs]
Thank you.
-Huh? The weirdest
job I've ever had.
You know. I don't -- I don't
think I've ever had a weird job.
My life was pretty dull
growing up.
What about you?
-When I was in college.
I worked for this ceramicist
who had me hand paint the same
fish pattern on all her vases.
So by the end of the summer.
I'd done it like
a thousand times.
-What kind of fish?
-I'm not sure.
It looked like this.
[Laughs]
-Cute.
-Yeah.
-What did you study in school?
-My thesis was on deconstructing
the myth of the muse
and the erasure
of female artists.
-Oh.
-What's the longest relationship
you've ever been in?
-A year.
What about you? What was our
longest relationship?
-Three years.
But it felt like a lot longer.
-Three years?
That sounds kind of serious.
-Yeah.
-Did it end well?
-No. Nope.
He wasn't very nice to me.
-Oh.
Sorry.
But. um. what about your family?
Are you close with your parents?
-They died when I was a kid.
-I'm so sorry. I had no idea.
-How could you?
We're just getting
to know each other.
-Right.
Oh. look at that.
Do you want to stop
and get some snacks?
I could actually really
use the bathroom.
-Meredith. we're so close.
Um. you think you can hold it?
I'd love to get to the cabin
and get settled in.
-Uh. okay. Sure.
-You're the best.
[Music playing on radio]
I love this part.
-What part?
-The intimacy.
It's my favorite part.
-[Laughs]
[Insects chirping]
Wow. This is --
-I said it was remote.
Don't worry.
-I'm not worried. It's just --
-What?
-It's dark as hell.
-Well. yeah.
That's just the woods.
-Yeah. No kidding.
-Well. here we are.
[Sighs]
This place is really special
to me. Meredith.
Um. it means a lot
that you agreed to come.
-Oh.
-I'm really looking forward
to our time here together.
-It's gorgeous.
-It is. isn't it?
Um. why don't you
grab your stuff.
I'll go open her up.
-Uh. okay.
[Rubbing hands]
-Leave.
-What?
-Huh?
-That wasn't you?
-I didn't say anything.
-All right.
[Whooshing]
-[Screams]
-[Gasps]
-Got it.
What are you doing?
Come in. I'll give you
the master tour.
-[Groans]
[Sighs]
[Fire crackling]
Yeah. I know. It's. uh...
-Oh.
-...rustic.
-Uh...
-[Chuckles]
-No. this is. um...
-It's okay?
-Uh. yeah. it's absolutely
wonderful.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Like. I'm actually swooning.
For a cabin.
Yeah. it's just --
it's perfect.
-Good.
-[Chuckles]
Oh. my God.
What?!
-[Laughs] Yeah.
The Wrath of the Erinys.
It's pretty gruesome. isn't it?
I love the drama in it.
I -- I think
they're absolutely terrifying.
-Yeah. Yeah. I know.
This came through
our museum recently
to establish provenance.
Hellenistic period.
I can't believe you have this.
It's a really expensive piece.
-It's a reproduction. actually.
-No.
-Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
-That is a hell
of a reproduction.
-Yeah.
Hey. come on. I'll give you
the rest of the tour.
-All right.
This is where I will be working
my magic this evening.
-I...
I mean...
I'm already enchanted.
-Well. good.
Then I'm ahead of schedule then.
This was going to be
my backup plan.
-Ah.
Okay. Red or white?
-Right now. I'm thinking...
...red.
-Red it is.
-Awesome.
So. any other questions?
-Yes. Where's your bathroom?
[Snarling]
[Cellphone chimes. buzzes]
[Groans]
[Chuckles]
[Chimes]
[Laughs]
[Wind chime ringing]
[Insects chirping]
-Wow. You look stunning.
To art and beauty.
-And the night ahead.
[Glasses clink]
Um. I brought that record
I was telling you about.
-Oh. great.
Why don't you go put it on?
I'll finish prepping this.
-Yea-- Can I help.
-And spoil the surprise? No.
You go make yourself at home.
[Manfred Mann's "LSD" plays]
♪♪
♪ Had a million dollars ♪
♪ And. oh. baby. you had none ♪
♪♪
♪ I had a million dollars ♪
♪ And. oh. baby. you had none ♪
♪♪
♪ I would keep $999.999 ♪
♪ And. oh. babe.
I would give you one ♪
♪♪
♪ It ain't that I don't
love you ♪
♪ Girl. I love you
much too well ♪
♪♪
♪ Ain't that I don't love you ♪
♪ Girl. I love you
much too well ♪
♪♪
♪ No. no. it ain't
that I don't love ♪
♪ 'Cause I do.
but I love myself. as well ♪
♪♪
-Someone is not
a fan of the past.
♪♪
[Record warbles. music stops]
[Loud thud]
-[Gasps]
-Everything all right?
-Yeah. Yeah. Sorry.
[Sighs]
[Gasps]
[Laughs]
I'm sorry.
I'm not crazy. I swear.
[Fire crackling]
[Camera shutter clicks]
[Cellphone chimes]
[Fire crackling]
[Wind chime ringing]
[Thud]
[Breathing heavily]
Not yet.
[Wind chime ringing]
-[Gasps]
-I'm sorry. Are you okay?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Sorry. I'm just -- I just --
it's the woods or something.
-Oh. you're scared. I...
-No. I'm not. I'm --
-Come inside.
Dinner's ready.
-Okay.
[Soft growling]
-There's this great quote
from Helen Gough.
"People will forget
what you said.
People will forget what you did.
But people were never forget
how you made them feel."
And I think that's why I was
drawn to Yotam Ottolenghi's
approach to cooking.
because you get a real sense
of history in each dish
and. uh. your place in
that history. you know?
Mer?
-Hm? Sorry.
-We don't have
to talk about my cooking.
but it'd be nice to talk
at least.
What were you thinking about?
-Mmm...
When did you get this place?
-Oh. Came on the market
a few years ago. Why?
-Have you ever experienced
anything weird here before?
-Weird? What do you mean?
-Like. um. I don't know.
Unexplained stuff.
-[Chuckles]
Do you not want to be here?
-Oh. no. Uh. what?
-Then why are you making
such a stink about the cabin?
-Oh. no. I'm not making a stink.
I'm just trying to --
I'm just wondering
about your experiences here.
-[Sighs] Well. I find
that my experiences here
are usually
quite nice. Meredith.
And if you just relax.
you might feel the same way.
-Right. Okay.
What about Lenora? Did she ever
experience anything?
-Who?
-Lenora. the woman
in your photo.
[Utensil tapping]
-[Sighs]
She used to own the place.
And no. she never
had any problems here.
I'm getting some more wine.
-I'm sorry. Bruce.
Holy shit! Holy shit!
Holy shit!
-What?
-There's someone on your patio.
-There's someone
on your fucking patio.
-I think it's --
-What?
-It's a woman.
-A woman?
-Yes. Your motion sensor
light turned on.
and I saw a woman out there.
-I don't have
a motion sensor light.
-Well...
[Light switch clicking]
-Did you turn this on yourself?
-See?
-Are you fucking with me?
-Bruce. I know what I saw.
[Creaking]
-Meredith. what the fuck?
-Sorry. sorry. sorry.
I thought you couldn't
see anything with a light on.
Do you see anything?
-Just shut up.
Just wait one second.
Wait one second.
It's nothing.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
You're just imagining things.
-Sorry. I just -- I know.
[Rattling]
-There.
Now the light won't
freak you out anymore.
-[Sighs]
-Maybe we should just go back
to the city.
-What do you mean?
-We can still spend
the weekend together.
We just do it
at one of our apartments.
-No. Meredith.
We just got here.
I just cooked you an entire meal
that you barely touched.
And I really don't feel like
driving back to the city.
Let's just relax.
have another glass of wine.
-[Loud thud]
-[Gasps]
-Okay. I can't.
-We're fine.
-I can't.
-It's fine.
-No. it's not.
-It was just a bat.
A bat hit the window. Okay?
It's an old cabin. Okay?
We're in the woods.
We're completely alone out here.
-Yeah. no. I know.
That's the problem.
-[Sighs] What?
You don't want to be here
alone with me?
-No.
I -- no. I mean. yes.
-You're scared?
-Yeah. I'm scared.
Will you check what
that was. please?
-Fine. But I think
you're being over-dramatic.
[Hissing]
-Okay. so. Bruce.
I'm not comfortable
staying here tonight.
Either you drive me home
right now.
or I'm just going to call
the ride share.
-Fine.
-Good.
[Cellphone rings]
[Lock clicks]
-Hey.
-Get the hell out of there.
-What?
[Wine pours]
♪♪
-Okay.
Okay. It's time.
♪♪
-That statuette was stolen.
-When?
-A few months after
we certified it.
the night
it went up for auction.
The police
are still investigating.
-Okay. I already told him that
we're leaving. so I'll just --
[Knock on door]
-Mer? You ready?
-I'm just using the toilet
before the long drive.
I'll be right out.
[Door rattles]
Did you hear me?
I'll be just a sec.
-There's something else
you should know. Meredith.
Something bad.
[Door rattles]
[Knock on door]
[Scraping]
The woman who bought
the sculpture
is missing. too.
Okay. um...
um. um --
I'm going to text you
from the car.
♪♪
[Wind chimes jingling]
[Clock ticking]
♪♪
[Fireplace roars]
[Sink running]
-So should we hit the road?
♪♪
[Gasps]
Ah!
[Grunting]
[Flesh rending]
[Coughing]
♪♪
[Flesh rending]
-[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
[Fire roars]
[Breathing heavily. grunting]
[Grunting]
[Breathing heavily]
[Sink running]
[Sighs]
I lied in the car earlier.
This is my favorite part.
[Chuckles]
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Wind blowing. leaves rustling]
[Wind chimes jingling]
-Whatcha doing?
Whatcha doing. Bruce?
-Basking.
-Basking?
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I'm basking in
the morning light.
I'm a basker.
-I think you're just
ignoring me.
♪♪
Wake up. Wake up. Wake up.
[Laughs]
-I had another dream last night.
-Tell me.
-There was this black and white
checkered floor all around me.
and I knew if I stepped
on a black square.
I'd fall through forever.
So I was trying to keep my feet
on the white squares.
But then I realized
there were no white squares.
-Weird.
♪♪
"Enter the Chorus of Furies.
questing like hounds."
-What?
-"Ho!
Clear is here the trace of him
we seek.
Follow the track of blood.
the silent sign."
-What are you saying?
-All your secrets are escaping.
[Breathing heavily]
[Grunts]
Ah. Ah!
No.
Oh. no.
♪♪
Oh.
Okay.
[Sink running]
[Chuckles]
You got this.
[Grunts]
Oh. Oh.
♪♪
[Towel ripping]
[Twigs crack]
[Leaves rustling]
Mer?
♪♪
[Owl hoots]
[Grunts]
♪♪
[Exhales sharply]
Ah!
-Bruce!
♪♪
-Mer?
[Wind blowing. sheet flapping]
-What have you done?
-Ah!
[Grunting. breathing heavily]
[Twigs snap]
-[Growling]
♪♪
[Dog barking]
-Fuck.
What the fuck?!
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
[Twigs snap]
[Howling]
[Creaking]
[Screams]
-[Crows cawing]
♪♪
[Sheet flapping]
[Grunts]
[Car engine starts]
[Car crashes]
[Grunts]
[Engine stalling]
What are you doing?
♪♪
[Car door closes]
[Grunts]
[Creaking]
♪♪
Ah!
-Murderer! Thief!
Murderer! Thief!
-Fuck!
[Breathing heavily]
[Lock clicks]
[Laughs]
I'm seeing things.
Shut up.
No. It's real.
Shut up!
Mount Superior has transformed
into flesh without flesh.
To dwell among us.
[Laughs]
-[Growls]
♪♪
[Creaking]
[Bones cracking]
-[Hissing]
♪♪
[Fire whooshing]
-Oh.
Oh. You sneaky --
[Fire extinguishes]
[Door slamming]
[Groaning]
♪♪
[Screaming]
[Sink running]
[Breathing heavily]
-[Growling]
[Growling]
-Why are you here? Hmm?
Vengeance?
You want to wring remorse
from my body like a wet rag?
Punish and torment me
with nightmares
for the crimes I've committed?
-[Growling]
-Because you will get
nothing from me.
demon.
There are no nightmares
you can show me
that will compare to the ones
I've been seeing my entire life.
[Wind blowing. leaves rustling]
-[Growls]
[Flesh searing]
[Growls]
-I understand your anger.
But I won't change a thing.
-We'll see.
[Chuckles]
[Pipe creaking]
-What the fuck?!
-[Roars]
[Flesh searing]
[Roars]
-Oh. God!
♪♪
[Grunting]
[Fire poker clatters]
-[Laughing]
[Growls]
[Chuckles]
-Don't you fucking laugh at me!
-Ah!
♪♪
-[Screams]
[Screams]
♪♪
-[Breathing heavily]
Is this what you want?
Here. Here. Take it.
Here. You can have it.
You can have it.
Despite what you've seen.
I'm not a savage.
I don't wanna hurt anyone.
I want people to be happy.
I want them to be happy with me.
But...
there's a piece
floating inside of my head.
It's not -- It's not who I am.
It's not even a part of me.
But it takes control sometimes.
When I see something. uh.
beautiful.
this piece...wants it.
Call me weak.
call me damaged.
call me broken.
But you got to believe me.
I try to fight the impulse.
And I regret it
every time I lose.
If returning this will make
things right.
please take it.
Here.
Please take it.
[Door closes]
[Breathing heavily]
Come on.
[Crickets chirping]
[Inhales deeply]
[Exhales deeply]
Good.
It's over.
I won't let it happen again.
I won't let it.
I won't let it. I won't let it.
I won't let it happen again.
Believe -- Believe what I say.
Believe in the words that I say.
The things that I say.
Believe. truth in the night.
The words are alive.
The night is alive.
But the day doesn't know that
the words that are said
can't be taken back.
[Music playing]
No!
-♪ I had a million dollars ♪
♪ And oh. baby.
you had none ♪
♪♪
♪ I would keep my 999.999 ♪
♪ And oh. babe. I would give you
one ♪
♪♪
♪ It ain't that
I don't love you ♪
♪ Girl. I love you much
too well ♪
♪♪
♪ Ain't that I don't love you. ♪
♪ Girl.
I love you much too well ♪
♪♪
♪ No. no. it ain't that I don't
love you ♪
♪ 'Cause I do. but I love myself
as well ♪
-What?
♪♪
-Bruce? Bruce.
Can you hear me?
Nod if you can hear me.
Good. Can you speak?
I asked. can you speak. Bruce?
-Yes.
-Very good.
If you truly want
to make things right.
we're going to have
a conversation.
I'm going to ask you
some questions
and you have
to answer truthfully.
Why did you pick me?
-Picked you?
-Yes.
Why did you ask me out?
-I didn't.
-What does that mean?
-I don't choose.
He does.
-The floating piece
inside you
decides
who you're going to kill?
-[Exhales sharply.
chuckles]
Yeah. Exactly.
-How many women have there been?
-Oh. I don't know.
A few.
-Who's buried in the woods?
Kate and Leonora.
This is a new collection.
-Did you know you were going
to kill me
when you invited me here?
-No.
I was never planning
on killing you. Meredith.
He was.
I tried to stop him.
I always do.
But he's too strong.
It's nothing personal.
-So there's nothing I could
have done differently?
If it wasn't me.
it would have been someone else.
-Yes.
But you're very beautiful.
-[Laughs]
-That always catches
his attention.
-Which one of you kissed me?
-Sorry?
Was it him or was it you?
-[Sighs]
-Me.
He can't be intimate.
-So. you also find me
attractive.
-Oh. yes.
Meredith.
you're stunning.
-And unlike him. you can act
on those feelings.
-Somewhat.
-Who saw me first?
-I don't remember.
-You don't remember
if you saw me first
and he had to call you off
so he could kill me.
of if he's the one
who pointed me out to you
in the first place?
-No. It doesn't work like that.
You don't understand.
-No.
I can't imagine that I would.
♪♪
Help me understand. Bruce.
Dig deeper.
Show me the piece
that's floating inside you.
Dig it out.
This will be cathartic.
-Will it help purify me?
[Squelching]
♪♪
-No. Bruce. you're fucked.
This will be cathartic for me.
♪♪
-Fuck.
[Record winds down]
No.
♪♪
You tricked me!
[Clangs]
Ooh.
[Breathing heavily]
[Grunting]
-Ho! Clear is here the trace of
him we seek.
-Follow the tracks of blood.
the silent sign!
-Ah!
-Murderer! Thief!
Murderer! Thief!
-Like to some hound that hunts a
wounded fawn...
-Murderer! Thief!
-We snuff along the scent of
dripping gore.
-And inwardly we pant. for many
a day.
toiling in chase that shall
fordo the man.
-Murderer! Thief!
-Murderer! Thief.
-Murderer. Thief.
-Murderer! Thief!
-No!
Murderer! Thief!
-Murderer! Thief!
-Thief!
-No!
-[Whimpering]
-That's right.
It's over.
It's over. It's over.
-I won't let it.
I won't let it happen again.
I won't...
-Believe what I say.
Believe in what I say.
the words that I say.
-What?!
What do you want?!
-The truth in the night.
The words are alive.
The night is alive.
-But the day doesn't know.
-Follow. seek him. round and
round.
-Scent. snuff. scan the ground.
lest unharmed he slip away.
The words that I've said
can't be taken back.
-What do you want?!
[Screams]
[Crickets chirping]
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
Of course.
Oh. this is the perfect place.
I'm ready.
I'm ready!
Where are you?!
Where...
♪♪
Thank you.
-You don't understand
gratitude. Bruce.
You're a thief.
You rob women of their power
and their beauty and their lives
because you hate that
you have none of those things.
♪♪
-I knew you'd understand me.
You flushed the red owl out.
You saved us both.
-It's over.
-What? No.
We're just beginning.
The sun is coming out.
The darkness is gone.
-I want you to say it.
-What do you want me to say?
-"I'm a murderer. I'm a thief."
-What? No.
-Admit it.
You're a murderer and a thief.
-No!
It was him!
-Bruce. There's still a lot of
darkness inside you.
and I can see it.
It's right there.
-[Groaning]
♪♪
-It's not fair!
It's not fair!
Oh. Oh!
-[Growls]
-[Screams]
Cut him off. please!
-Say it! "I'm a murderer.
I'm a thief."
-Cut him off! Cut him off!
It's not who I am!
No! Ah!
No!
Cut him off. please!
Ah!
Promise...
Cut him off. please!
[Grunting]
Please!
No. God!
Cut him off. pl--
[Flesh rending]
♪♪
[Grunting]
Please!
Please. help me!
Meredith!
-Go fuck yourself.
♪♪
-Meredith!
[Crow cawing]